Elder Brother Xiaoyingfeng
My master and I have taken refuge in the devil
Who is your senior brother?
You are traitors
Traitor?
Only by joining the devil world can you gain great power
Do you want to stay in a ghost place like Tianyuan Gate?
Are you in the company of you trash?
Xiaoyufeng is really powerful in the world
But my master and I have got it now
The power of the devil
Kill you in the blink of an eye
Demon Lord said before that he wanted the divine martial arts on this kid
Let's catch the hot pot. Hmm.
Be the lackey of the devil
Let you feel so good
Xiaoyufeng, I have long disliked you
What's more, I now have the power of the Demon Lord
Killing you is just a moment
You kid humiliated me too much at Tianyuan Gate
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Words seem to be impossible
Uh-huh.
Ah!